  For my soundscape preview, I aimed to include audio that would capture the atmosphere of my soundscape project. I plan to record much of my audio myself, which I wasn't able to do for the preview, but I tried to capture the general essence of what I want my soundscape to be. I imported four audio tracks that I found on the websites listed on the Github page. I decided that I would first need consistent noise in the background and found an audio file of static, white noise. I was surprised at how for something so simple as white noise, it was difficult to find one that fit what I was looking for. I then looked for sounds that I knew I probably wouldn't be able to record myself, which included the heartbeat sound and the sound of someone running. I liked the sound of the heartbeat, but the footsteps audio wasn't quite what I was looking for, so I might try to record that myself. I then looked for music. It was very frustrating to have so many ideas about what music I could include but not being able to, either due to copyright issues, downloading issues, or having to pay for them. I found a waltz-like instrumental piece called "Dark Eyes" by Teddy and Marge, which had a dramatic, ominous feel, so I decided to include it. In Audacity, I mostly played around with the different tracks and effects. I used a lot of fade-ins and fade-outs, some echo, and change pitch/speed. I wanted to capture the eerie, disorienting experience of a dream, so for my preview it was more about creating a vibe than telling a story.
  As for the story, I'm a little stuck. I'm definitely someone who works as I go, meaning I don't tend to plan everything out before I do it. I like to keep my possibilities as open as possible so that instead of trying to shape my materials into what I want, I let the materials shape themselves until I have a clear idea of what it is I'm trying to do. I've actually been looking to my own dreams for inspiration and have started writing them down to see if there's anything I can work with. I'm psyched to see where this project is going to go!
